now this I know Paris whole or Fenster
will be happy about yeah there's not
going to be any assistant and against
happening right here everything you see
is a one-on-one situation where you have
to just fool them with everything one
character has it's a lot easier to make
a tricky reset situation or a nice
little mix up when you've got another
character on-screen helping out when you
don't though it's all you Henstridge
neutral is amazing registers neutral
with parasol is really terrifying
because he can both keep you away when
he feels like it and really crowd your
space and that is just there are people
who do one to the other no he can do it
whenever he feels like it well that in
playing solo he has a lot of life Wow
can't quite get it game kick doesn't
kick him forward enough oh there and
that was a that was a hell of a button
right here book was jump.heavy-kick was
one of the best cereal moguls watch out
Oh fake cross off it's okay you can't
kill off this region other reefs again
gets may cross on any with that he's
able to take out spot on one jump wow I
just write in all know he's he's rushing
in now at this point
now looking good for offensive right now
he's got to get grand ramshackle at this
point this would be the end of history
to believe it's a confirm off of it and
that's it bond and then up a couple
drills Fox looking like he's out of
control right now of course as with so
many of our top layers he's pad boys no
really the amount of padding layers of
the griddle Skullgirls is astonishing
well I mean that owes in part to the
fact that some of Mike's design
decisions with regards to input
difficulty have to do with the fact
anything's in putting things should not
be hard now laying the game against
another person that should be hard yeah
sis pudding in throwing a fireball
should not be a difficult procedure just
be about who should be about the mind
games be about what you think about to
be about strategies how you go about the
game and you can see right now sonic
bucks is really on top of his rush down
game buchla so good at so many things
she gets a lot of three 50-50 mix up a
lot of moves every yeah there was almost
no way to come into that no the hitboxes
oh man and was is right out of that now
he is just he's doing his thing right
now he's feeling himself and start
throwing out a lot of bad normal
oh that was a good punish he needed that
yeah he did all the load I said he's
going to end this stuff right here there
goes around to Spencer's favor and
they're even all of a sudden needs to be
careful of letting chronic talks
directly above him because it's only
answer is pillar and that's not they do
you want to do for a lot of us no
definitely don't try to punish a
football that's enough you man who
Cruise jumping like punch is one of
those buttons that it's just it's
phenomenal oh wow no pun as I can't
believe that it just kind of SAT
thinking about what to do there all the
command grab here's luxury is it for
fence where he gets it bombs off but it
wasn't really much of a pop-up situation
no cuts that pop off short he dropped
his pad he hands it back to him very
politely